# Plenary February, 2020-02-04

## Attendees
Armin Haller (chair)
John Machin (secretary)
Alexander Hanysz
Edmond Chuc
Gavin Walker
Len Smith
Lesley Wyborn
Madhushi Bandara (new member)
Margie Smith
Nicholas Car
Rowan Brownlee
Scott Lutwyche (new member)
Sharon (new member)
Sandra Silcot
Stephen Pratt

## 1. Previous minutes
Accepted without alteration.
Nicholas notes that 

## 2. Call-in details and platform to use
No objections to use of Teams.

ACTION:  Armin and John to test platforms (general Teams and GovTeams instance)

## x. Welcoming and introduction to new members
Welcome to Madushi, Scott, and Sharon.

ACTION: Armin and Sharon to arrange a presentation on Solid Project (https://solidproject.org/ in the near future.

## 3. Review of the MoU on domain stability
Nicholas welcomes ABS (rep. Alexander) for agreeing to sign the MoU on domain stability. THanks to Alexander for inspiring the renewal of interest in the issue of domain stability

Organisations still to confirm? ANU. Armin identifies the University CIO as the likely person to have authority to agree.

## 4. Guidelines 2.1
In preparation for handover to ARDC management the Guidelines have been updated to v2.1
These Guidelines are submitted for review by all members of the AGLDWG, with formal acceptance in the March 2021 meeting.
https://github.com/AGLDWG/guidelines/blob/master/PID-URI-Guidelines-v2.1.md

ACTION: All members please review Guidelines v2.1 and be prepared to discuss and vote on their acceptance at the next meeting.

## 5. ARDC progress & IRI Registry
Nicholas and Armin comment on the need for specificity of namespaces - identifying some extremely large and quite conceptual namespaces that may need to be reoriented. Discussion parked since several important stakeholders in the discussion not present.

Nicholas identifies the IRI registry ontology for controlling information in the IRI registry.This assists with automation of some of the processes involved with registration and will work with Drupal, including GovCMS. 
https://github.com/AGLDWG/iri-registry-ont

## 6. Website refresh
Armin notes to the meeting that this is to be delayed until the ARDC work is complete. Armin also observes that the chairs have agreed to more prominently "eat our own dogfood" and include some more demonstrations, including how were are using linked data approaches to manage AGLDWG activities.

ACTION: All members please give thought to suggestions for changes, additions, and etc. for the website.

Sandra: what services might ARDC be planning to offer in this area?
Nicholas: there is a plan but for extending services, but it is not firm at this time. If this next stage of progressive release of services is successful then further services may be offered.

## 7. Other business
### OPSI catalogue
John notes that OECD Observatory of Public Sector Innovation (OPSI) is looking for new groups to nominate for inclusion and suggests that AGLDWG does so. No objections are heard. Armin recommends contacting Bernadette Hyland-Woods (not present at meeting) but to proceed with nomination after this.

ACTION: John to contact Bernadette, and the proceed with nomination.

### SURROUND's KG API and Reference Dataset publishing
Nicholas discusses the use of SURROUNDs recent work on an API to allow Queensland Government to manage and maintain multiple KGs in the spatial information domain. Project is intended to continue it's work soon, for approximately three months and government members of the AGLDWG are encouraged to observe. 

This project is also likely to include additional services to support management KG, increasing the effectiveness of KG management tools.

### J2RM Mapping software
Armin discusses JSON to RDF Model Mapping software, an output of the AGRIF project. Maps from JSON objects to RDF and is able to be built directly into the ontology allowing more efficient building of graphs from JSON.

## Action Item Summary
### New actions
* **All members** please review Guidelines v2.1 and be prepared to discuss and vote on their acceptance at the next meeting.
* **All members** please give thought to suggestions for changes, additions, and etc. for the website. 
* **Armin** and **Sharon** to arrange a presentation on Solid Project (https://solidproject.org/ in the near future.
* **Armin** and **John** to test platforms (general Teams and GovTeams instance)
### Previous actions still pending
* **Nick** to demo a catalogue tool he has promised for months
* **Armin** to reply to mailing list discussion of FSDF URI requests with ontology viewpoint
* **Margie**: contact the Data Champions league to see if an AGLDWG member can present to them
* **Nataliya**: contact the groups working on road interoperability in Australia to describe our work and Group


