# Plenary December, 2021-12-02

## Agenda

1. Attendees and Apologies
    * Please note: Attendees to be generated from Teams â€“ please check the minutes for any corrections
2. Previous minutes
    * these minutes are from the 2021 November Plenary
    * see https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2021-11-04.md
3. Welcoming and introduction to new members
4. Follow-up on previous meeting's Action Items
5. Description of conceptual BDR Linked Data Design
6. General business 
7. Next meeting details
8. Monthly Plenary closes

## Minutes

**Chair**: Nicholas Car  
**Notes**: Armin Haller  

#### 1. Attendees and Apologies

* Alexander Hanysz
* Simon Cox
* Edmond Chuc
* Joseph Bell
* Len Smith
* Michael Henry
* Nathan Keogh
* Nicholas Car
* Phillip O'Connor
* Sandra Silcot
* Scott Lutwyche
* William Francis
* Ben Bradshaw
* Margie Smith
* Nataliya Katsman
* Rown Brownlee
* Kheeran Dharmawardena
* Armin Haller
* Laurent Lefort
* Steve McEachern
* John Machin

##### Apologies
* John Machin (late)

#### 3. Welcoming and introduction to new members 
* Ben Bradshaw, Murray-Darling Basement Authority
    
#### 2. Previous minutes

#### 4. Follow-up on previous meeting's Action Items

*No action items
* Armin not yet sent MoU to ANU. To meet with co-chairs to 
* New catalogue service working, i.e., transitioned to ARDC, but DNS entries may not be updated until later today as they have just been setup before the meeting


#### 5. Description of conceptual BDR Linked Data Design

* Run by Australian Department of Agriculture, Water and the Environment
* Semantic Web project from the outset based on the observations model designed by Edmond and Simon
* Always was meant to use a Graph Database, but now it requires a federated system
* Parts of the data/system will be hosted by other organisation (i.e., the owners of the vocabularies) rather than only by the central agency
* Operational authoritative dataset run by a federal agency, first to the best of our knowledge
* Datasets in the project are based on ISO 19135
* New URI guidelines have been based on ISO 19135 as well
* Scott asked question on how to deal with classified data in the federated system -> still establishing the procedures for dealing with this. An ALA project is underway for dealing with data that is sensitive/restricted.
* Sandra asked question if a machine-readable system for authentication was considered (i.e., ODRL) -> ODRL is a generic rights system developed under the leadership of Renato Iannella, a former member of this group. Bioregional assessment systems built a catalogue of 3.5k datasets that used a pre-ODRL system for authentication. System used 60 licenses, of which they could be mapped to 8-9 licenses.
* Sandra asked further question about data use ontology, OBO foundry -> subset of ODRL. Work to be done in the OBO foundry to align data use ontology with ODRL. The CADRE conceptual framework (V1) - looking at incorporating the Data Use Ontology (DUO) and Data Tags Suite (DATS) - https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.5748611


#### 6. General business 

1. new PID requests: [`/def/tern`](https://catalogue.linked.data.gov.au/resource/225) & [`/dataset/tern`](https://catalogue.linked.data.gov.au/resource/226)
** to be put for discussion on the mailing list
3. Commitment from ISO, i.e., ISO TC211 Codelists as linked data
4. Packaging of GeoSPARQL 1.2 will be generated from semantic Web model
5. DCAT has an error that was raised by the OGC, but the W3C requested to create a vocabulary at that location

#### 7. Next meeting details

* 3rd of February, 2022

#### 7. Monthly Plenary closes
