## Attendees
Nicholas Car  
Armin Haller  
Tany Wordsworth  
Rowan Brownlee  
Edmond Chuc  
Amanda Norton  
Margie Smith  
Pouya  
Shane Kew  
Melissa Young  
Stephen Pratt  
Brigette Metzler  
Laurent Lefort  
Anne Cregan  
Will Francis  


### Apologies
John Machin


## Agenda
(as per email)

1. Previous meeting
  - we need to confirm details and minutes from the last couple of meetings since we’ve had some dissruption

2. New members
 - we have a few new members that could introduce themselves

3. Proposed ontology documentation profile for AGLDWG
  - Nicholas Car proposes a profile of OWL for the purposes of standard Australian Govt ontology documentation
    - this is a “lite” version of previously mooted AGISO (to be explained in meeting)
    - profile outline (incomplete) is at https://github.com/AGLDWG/agldwg-ont-profile
    - the profile will be able to be understood by the pyLODE documentation tool (https://github.com/RDFLib/pyLODE) and used for validation

4. Proposed switch to HTTPS
  - a switch from http://linked.data.gov.au to HTTPS has been proposed in previous meetings and generally accepted (no counter proposals)
  - proposed plan is to create all new PIDs using HTTPS and redirect existing PIDs from HTTP to HTTPS
  - Nicholas Car proposes now to implement the redirect and start HTTPS issuances within May

5. General Business
  a. AGRIF 0.9 released
   - see http://linked.data.gov.au/def/agrif
   - Armin Haller to update on AGRIF work generally
  b. Notification of RDFlib tools
    - as announced to the mailing list, there is a new version of Python’s RDF toolkit, RDFlib. 
    - Nicholas Car will outline development plans
  c. ESWC is online in 2020
    - Armin Haller to report on his expected involvement
  d. ISWC is online in 2020
    - Armin Haller to report on the proposed SemStats workshop within it
    - Nicholas Car to report on SURROUND’s expected attendance
    - other AGLDWG members might take this reduced cost opportunity to attend 
    

## Minutes
1. Previous meeting
  - no meeting in April
  - Brigette has notes from March meeting
    - TODO: Brigette to send minutes
  - mailign list has notes from Feb meeting
  
2. New Members
  - Melissa Young, Melbourne Water, Data Governance & Sharing

3. Proposed ontology documentation profile for AGLDWG
  - Nick: as per the Agenda, Nick will email the list for comment on the proposal
  - Armin: we could use the SHACL files in the profile with ANU tooling to make instances of ontologies according to this profile
  
4. Proposed switch to HTTPS
  - vote to proceed as planned: 1 abstention (Laurent), no "nos", vote carried
  
5. General Business
  - Armin: AGRIF 0.9 released, limited changes to 0.7 (additions to Digital Artefact & labels)
  
