# Plenary December, 2022-12-08

## Agenda

1. Attendees and Apologies
2. Previous minutes
    * these minutes are from the 2022 November Plenary
    * see <https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2022-11-03.md>
3. Welcoming and introduction to new members
4. Follow-up on previous meeting's Action Items
5. ToR & MoU status review
6. ARDC PID System update
7. Discussion about current LD-related Working Groups
8. General business 
9. Next meeting details
10. Monthly Plenary closes

## Minutes

#### 1. Attendees and Apologies

Chair: Nicholas Car  
Scribe: Nicholas Car    

Apologies:  
* Mieke Strong
* John Machin
* Armin Haller

Attendees:  

Simon Cox  
Stephen Pratt  
Sandra Silcot  
Richard Walker  
Rui Liu  
Joseph Bell  
Pip Bircher  
Megan Wong  
Len Smith  
Linda O'Brien  
Nataliya Katsman

#### 2. Previous minutes
#### 3. Welcoming and introduction to new members
#### 4. Follow-up on previous meeting's Action Items

Only item is to get APS review of ToR & MoU. See next section.

#### 5. ToR & MoU status review

Department of Finance legal team has the documents and has agreed to reivew but hasn't yet conducted their review. We (AGLDWG co-chairs) will pressure them for review Jan/Feb.

#### 6. ARDC PID System update

A spoken update from Richard: ARDC is progressing project & technical implementation.

Nick mentioned PID system could integrate with RVA - ARDC's vocab system.

Linda at ARDC is developing a national PID strategy. She chairs the ORCID system internationally. She is keen to get this WG's inputs to the strategy. Will run a PID workshop in Canberra, 20th Feb, '23.

#### 7. Discussion about current LD-related Working Groups

##### Relevant Working Groups

###### Working Groups AGLDWG members have connections with

**Group** | **Domain** | **AGLDWG Member**
--- | --- | ---
[ISO](https://www.iso.org/home.html) - [TC 211](https://www.iso.org/committee/54904.html) | International geospatial standards | Nicholas Car, Irina Bastakova, Ivana Ivanova...
[ARDC](https://ardc.edu.au/) - [Australian Vocabularies Special Interest Group](https://sites.google.com/ardc.edu.au/avsig) | Australian research vocabularies | Many
[OGC](https://www.ogc.org/) / [W3C](https://w3.org/) - [Spatial Data on the Web WG](https://www.w3.org/2017/sdwig/) | International semantic & spatial data | Nicholas Car, Simon Cox, others too 
[OGC](https://www.ogc.org/) - [Geosemantics Domain WG](https://www.ogc.org/projects/groups/semantics) | International semantic & spatial data | Nicholas Car, others too
[ICSM](https://icsm.gov.au/) - [Metadata Working Group](https://www.icsm.gov.au/what-we-do/metadata-working-group) | Australian geospatial metadata | Irina Bastrakova, Byron Cochrane, others too
AusBIGG | Australian biodiversity data standards | Mieke Strong, Edmond Chuc
[SA](https://www.standards.org.au/) - IT-004 | Australian standards for geospatial data | Nicholas Car, Margie Smith, Irina Bastrakova
[SA](https://www.standards.org.au/) - IT-027 | Australian standards for ? |  Margie Smith
[CGI](https://cgi-iugs.org/) - [Geoscience Terminology WG](https://cgi-iugs.org/project/geoscienceterminology/) | International geoscience semantic data | Nicholas Car

#### 7. General business 
#### 8. Next meeting details
#### 9. Monthly Plenary closes
