# Plenary March, 2021-04-01

## Attendees
Stephen Pratt
Anu Deveraju
Nicholas Car (chair)
Richard Walker
Scott Lutwyche
Kathy Knox
Alexander Hanysz
Rowan Brownlee
Laurent Lefort
Nataliya Katsman
Ghulam
Irina Bastrakova
Renato Ianello

### Apologies
Michael Henry
Sally (ABS)


## Agenda
1. Previous minutes
    * see <https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2021-03-04.md>
2. Welcoming and introduction to new members
3. Presentation: Sharon Stratsianis on Solid
4. ARDC project progress
    * IRI mapping validation tool - https://github.com/AGLDWG/iri-mapping-validator
    * legacy PID IRIs registered - environment.data.gov.au
5. Co-chairs new email address
    * agldwg.cochairs@gmail.com
6. Website refresh progress
    * new pages for LD Registers
7. Other business
8. Action Items

## Minutes

### 1. Previous minutes
See <https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2021-03-04.md>


### 2. Welcoming and introduction to new members
No new members this month


### 3. Presentation: Sharon Stratsianis on Solid
Sharon presented slides that will be provided to the WG.

Sharon answered som questions from the WG about Solid.


### 4. ARDC project progress
* IRI mapping validation tool - https://github.com/AGLDWG/iri-mapping-validator
* legacy PID IRIs registered - environment.data.gov.au


### 5. Co-chairs new email address
* agldwg.cochairs@gmail.com


### 6. Website refresh progress
* new pages for LD Registers


### 7. Other business

* **MoU**
    * ARDC has signed the MoU  (at the CEO level)
* **Licenses Dataset** (Nick): 
    * I am working with Madrid Polytechnic & The ODI to create a trustable Semantic Web licenses dataset. If this works out (by ~June) I will look to add recommendations for the use of its licenses within AGOP and other AGLDWG-relevant protocols. See the demonstrator system: <http://rdflicense.appspot.com/>.


### 8. Action Items

### Action Items
#### New actions

#### Previous actions still pending
* **All members** please give thought to suggestions for changes, additions, and etc. for the website. 
* **Armin** and **Sharon** to arrange a presentation on Solid Project (https://solidproject.org/) in the near future.
* **Nick** to demo a catalogue tool he has promised for months
* **Nataliya**: contact the groups working on road interoperability in Australia to describe our work and Group
