# Plenary June, 2021-07-01

## Attendees
Nicholas Car (chair & scribe)  
Stephen Pratt  
Bernadette
Sandra Silcot  
Michael Henry  
Kheeran Dharmawardena  
Joeseph Bell  
Michale Hodgkin  
Laurent Lefort  
Martin Capobianco  
John Machin  
Tina Yang  
Nathan Keogh  
Natalia Katsman  
Len Smith  
Margie Smith  
Simon Cox  
Pru Lawrence  
Shaffique Alijoofri  
Deavi Purnomo   
Rowan Brownlee   
Phillip O'Connor  
Lesley Wyborn  
Madhushi Bandara   
Madjida Wa Ode Zuhayeni  
Dan Brough  
Irina Bastrakova  

### Apologies
Armin Haller  


## Agenda
1. Previous minutes
    * see <https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2021-06-03.md>
2. Welcoming and introduction to new members
3. ARDC project progress - end of project discussion
4. Planning for the AGM
5. DAWE semantic artifact publication
6. Other business 


## Minutes

### 1. Previous minutes
See <https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2021-06-03.md>


### 2. Welcoming and introduction to new members
* Pru - NSW SS, Cadastre
* Kheeran - DAWE
* Michael Hodgkin - lead architect for MyGov
* Brenadette - has submitted her PhD
* Shaffique Alijoofri - Defence
* Phillip O'Connor - ABS, SDMX, DDI etc.
* Majida - Stats Indonesia (BPS)

### 3. ARDC project progress - end of project discussion
Nick gave a vocal update.


### 4. Planning for the AGM
Nick indicated usual tasks conducted within the AGM.  
John described membership accounting in the AGM.  
Nick indicated that a revision of the WG's Charter and MoU is likely - notification to be sent to the WG for the AGM.  


### 5. DAWE semantic artifact publication
Stephen Pratt presented - shared his screen. 
Described: 
* updates to the [Plant Health Surveillance ontology](https://linked.data.gov.au/def/phs)
* the vocabularies used by the ontology, in a system at <http://dawe.surroundaustralia.com>

A longer discussion about vocabularies was entered into by many WG members, including the ABS members.


### 6. Other business
* Phillip - ABS update: terminology of technical roles has changed, we don't have to all be called "Public Servant" on occupation listings and using other terms helps stats, e.g. nuanced data-related roles raises data work profile
* Bernadette - is the Data Champions Network working?
    * John Machin: it's working at SES band level, my own group supports its work - the doers
* Dan Brough: Qld is building out an Observed Properties vocab for their environmental data catalogue, hosted using GSQ's VocPrez server
* Len Smith:
    * Indigenous Data Network is still awaiting funding decisions from the ARDC who hav ejust appointed a project manager. 
    * The Data Network WG will be reconstituted shortly by CSIRO


### 7. Action Items
* chairs to share WG documents with desciption of proposed changes before AGM



#### Previous actions still pending
* **All members** please give thought to suggestions for changes, additions, and etc. for the website
* **Nick** to demo a catalogue tool he has promised for months

