# Plenary July, 2020-08-06

## Attendees
Nicholas Car  
Brigette Metzler (partial)  
Rowan Brownlee  
Stephen Pratt  
Edmond Chuc  
Simon Cox  
Will Francis  
Michael Henry  
Kerina (Health)

### Apologies
Armin Haller  
John Machin  
Brigette Metler (partial)

## Agenda

1.  Acceptance of previous minutes - [Plenary 2020-07-02](https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2020-07-02.md)
2.  Notice about postponement of AGM  
3.	Sub group updates  
    * Recommendations and Solutions  
    * Visibility  
    * Governance  
4.	General Business  
    * (Nick) Vocabulary Catalogues interoperability experiment update
    * (Nick) CatPrez - the imminent semantic catalogue


## Minutes

1. Minutes reviewd and accepted
2. AGM postponed until October, a brief discussion/description of situation took place
3. Subgroup updates
    * Visibility: (Brigette) they have a list of people from agencies that they want to touch base with. Have not completed, will do so by October.
    * Systems: (Nick) we need better notifications of URIs requested, emails could be send to the mainling list on request of a new PID
    * Rec: (Nick) AGOP, pyLODE online
4. General Business
    * (Will) GA is working on Loop3D ontologies, GA has stoop up VocPrez for CGI & GGIC vocabs
    * (Will) GA has a new concpetual model of subregisters within the pid.geoscience.gov.au domain. Attempting to align with standards (O&M, GeoScieML) and also GA databases. This will assist with PID administration.
    * (Edmond) TERN is making vocabs of ecological plot observation methods. Might soon work on drone data as Semantic Data
    * (Nick) Vocabulary System interoperability experiment update
    * (Nick) CatPrez - the imminent semantic catalogue
    * (Nick) OGC Testbed 16 work on DGGS
    * (Nick) Linked Data training material
    
 
    
## TODO 
1. Nick to look into email notticifaion of URI requests
2. Rowan to update on ARDC PID progress
