# Plenary April

Planned 2023-04-06, held 2023-04-13

## Agenda

1. Attendees and Apologies
2. Previous minutes
    * these minutes are from the 2023 March Plenary
    * see <https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2023-03-02.md>
3. Welcoming and introduction to new members
4. Follow-up on previous meeting's Action Items
5. ToR & MoU status review
6. ARDC PID System update
7. State of vocabulary PIDs
9. General business 
10. Next meeting details

## Minutes
#### 1. Attendees and Apologies

Chair: Nicholas Car  
Scribe: Nicholas Car    

Attendees: Nick Car, Colin Brown, Michael Henry, Isabel Ceron, Joseph Bell, Junrong Yu, Andrew Mcleod, Nataliya Katsman, Len Smith, Matt Duckham, Pascal Perez, Pip Bricher, Stephen Pratt, Rowan Brownlee, Rui Kiu, Sergio Rodriguez Mendez, Tina Yang, Greg Long, Jarrod Lange, Phillip Oâ€™Connor, Mieke Strong, Lesley Wyborn, Raden Sucalit, Rob Atkinson.

Apologies: Sandra Silcot, John Machin  

#### 2. Previous minutes
#### 3. Welcoming and introduction to new members
#### 4. Follow-up on previous meeting's Action Items
#### 5. ToR & MoU status review

* part reply from ABS, no engagement yet with DCCEEW or DAFF

#### 6. ARDC PID System update

* Nick to resume weekly meeting with ARDC technical staff with a view to implementing handover by July.

#### 7. State of vocabulary PIDs

A generic discussion with contributions from Nick, Rowan, Rob, Isabem, Pascal Stephen and Sergio about the state of current vocab PIDs issued by the group. We keep discussing the governance of the content of vocabs v. the governance of PIDs and to what extent the WG should actually get involved in vocab content, so this is an ever-present concern for members.

Discussion was interesting and probably informative but there are no conclusions or changes in courses of action for current vocab PID issuesing policy and mechanisms does seem to be working.

#### 8. General business 
#### 9. Next meeting details
* Next meeting in May, 2023-05-04
#### 10. Monthly Plenary closes
