# Plenary June, 2020-06-04

## Attendees
Nicholas Car  
Armin Haller  
John Machin  
Edmond Chuc  
Irina Bastrakova  
Rowan Brownlee  
Simon Cox  
Stephen Pratt  
Will Francis  
Alex Sadleir  
Amanda Norton  
Sandra Silcot  
Len Smith  


### Apologies
Brigette Metzler


## Agenda
(as per email)

1. Confirm Minutes of Previous meeting
    - Armin: Confirmed

2. New members
   - We have a few new members that could introduce themselves

3. Progress of proposed Australian Government Ontology Profile
   - Nick to update on proposal in May meeting, the AGOP is a profile of the OWL specification to ensure Aust Gov ontologies document well
   - AGOP to influence tools such as pyLODE & VocPrez

4. Report on DNS changes
   - Nick to report on switch to HTTPS & website use of CNAME for www

5. Considerations for AGM
   - the AGM is held during the August meeting each year. Do we need to plan anything?

6. General Business  

  a. Nick: ISO to test deliver SKOS vocabs of Code Lists
  b. Nick: investigations into AS4590 code lists as SKOS vocabs
  c. Dept of Ag’s first public ontology
  d. Nick: description of GSQ’s set of vocabulary URIs
  e. Armin: Quick introduction to http://schimatos.org - A SHACL-based Web-Form Generator for Knowledge Graph Editing


## Minutes

1. Confirm Minutes of Previous meeting
    - Armin: Confirmed

2. New members
   Three members have joined in the last couple of days. But they are not present in the meeting.

3. Progress of proposed Australian Government Ontology Profile
   New property to indicate who is the publisher of a resource. Other than that just metadata elements.
   Command line tool to validate your profile, but we are working on a Web-based tool to validate the ontology in a GUI.
   Not published the validation resources, but by next meeting they should be available.

4. Report on DNS changes
   All HTTP will be redirected to HTTPS. Going forward, please use the HTTPS protocol in the URI.
   Thanks to DTA for assistance with that.
   Need to update the showcase pages on the http://linked.data.gov.au webpage.

5. Considerations for AGM
   Vote on the roles in the group.
   One participant from each formal member should join to vote for the department they are representing.
   Usually have some showcases in these meetings. 
   Nick: Proposal for one slide per member organisation to be presented at the AGM.
   Action Item: Chairs to send around an email to participants to invite
   Action Item: Send out the Terms of References.
   Action Item: Remind signators of MoUs that they are making the department aware of the AGM.

6. General Business
  a)b). Nick: Nick is convener of the 19x of standards to semanticise them.
     So far these semantic models have been an afterthought. Nick will be working on 19x standard code lists as SKOS vocabularies.
     Hopefully, Standards Australia will follow.
     ISO standards are hard to use and the community prefers more modern serialisations.
  c. Plant Health Surveillance Ontology https://linked.data.gov.au/def/phs.
     Common standard to record observations.
     Aim is to make it conformant with the O&M model.
  d. GSQ has published 64 vocabularies now.
     URIs are allocated.
     Each URI has been a redirect rule.
     Now it has changed to a volume redirect to GSQ.
     Australian Data Research Commons may take over our PID service and support it.
     Will: GA has the PID server deployed. We also have made some small changes to it and are looking to put it into the Cloud.
     Action Item: Will to send around the known users of the PID service
  e. Armin: Quick introduction to http://schimatos.org - A SHACL-based Web-Form Generator for Knowledge Graph Editing
