# Plenary October 2024

## Agenda

1. Attendees and Apologies
2. Previous minutes
   * see https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2024-10-03.md
3. Welcoming and introduction to new members
4. ToR & MoU status review
5. ARDC PID System update
6. Presentations
     * Overview of the W3C's [Data Shapes working group proposal](https://w3c.github.io/shacl/charter-1.2/shacl-wg.html) - Nicholas Car
     * Ontology Mapping - a presentation by Alastair Paton based on the revent [_Mapping PROV-O to BFO_](https://www.arxiv.org/abs/2408.03866) paper
     * [Updates and new releases of the RDFLib Open Source Python toolkit](https://github.com/RDFLib/rdflib/releases/) - Edmond Chuc     
8. Action Items
9. General business
10. Next meeting details
11. Close

## Minutes

### 1. Attendees and Apologies

Chair: Nicholas Car  
Scribe:  


### 2. Previous minutes

* see https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2024-10-03.md
     
### 3. Welcoming and introduction to new members



### 4. ToR & MoU status review



### 5. ARDC PID System update


### 6. Presentations



### 7. Action Items

(from previous minutes, to be edited:)

John Machin:

* no Actions actioned

Alastair Paton:

* reported that there is little understanding of Linked Data among GovHack '24 participants
* suggests establishing a special interest group for GovHack '25
    * we could register as an organisation with GovHack '25
        * registry form for '24: <https://govhack.formstack.com/forms/membership>
    * Sandra Silcot supports this and recommens using government agent graph data
    * we should combined out social network and GovHack's

* NEW ACTION: Andrew to send out the invitation for a GovHack interest goup

### 8. General business

### 9. Next meeting details

First Thursday of December (5th)

### 10. Close
