# Plenary June, 2021-06-03

## Attendees
Sandra Silcot    
Laurent Lefort
John Machin
Simon Cox  
Nathan Keogh  
Rowan Brownlee
Renato Iannella
Lisa Howdin

### Apologies


## Agenda
1. Previous minutes
    * see <https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2021-05-06.md>
2. Welcoming and introduction to new members
3. Ontology-based standards & documentation in the OGC
    * Nicholas Car presenting on current Open Geospatial Consortium work
    * a description of GeoSPARQL and potential future OGC ontology-based standards
    * see <https://opengeospatial.github.io/ogc-geosparql/>
4. ARDC project progress
5. Discussion about MoU and WG formality
    * prompted by legal advice from the ANU regarding its inability to sign the MoU
6. Website refresh progress
    * new pages for LD Registers
7. Other business
8. Action Items

## Minutes

### 1. Previous minutes
See <https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2021-04-01.md>


### 2. Welcoming and introduction to new members
* Sally Clement
* Jakub Kielbasa

### 3. Ontology-based standards & documentation in the OGC
* Nick to present metadata around GeoSPARQL standard
* Includes examples in the specification
* Nick extended the PyLODE tool to allow examples in ontologies, using a simple example ontology
* Laurent to propose to include RDF* in the tool. Nick to point out that RDFlib does not yet support RDF* and PyLODE is built upon RDFLib

### 4. ARDC project progress

* Richard's report, presented by Nick
    * infracode Registry installation close to complete
    * notification capability about to be added
    * the project has recognised the need to repetatively run IRI validation, not just when a new IRI is created, to check for degrading IRIs
        * a future version of the [new IRI validator](https://github.com/AGLDWG/iri-mapping-validator) will be used in operations

* Nick:
    * we have two IRI lifecycles that are not yet described in the Guidelines:
        * submitted > accepted > stable > unstable > deprecated
        * submitted > accepted > invalid (3 months)
        * Laurent made a comment about IRI's that are only used internally. This could be solved by redirecting to a page that explains the private dataset.
        * Laurent also raised concerns about https IRI's.
        * Armin to raise to concern that 3 months could be a bit short
        * Armin to raise concern that we should not restrict the IRI's to public IRI's only
        * Nick to propose that in case of private IRI's we still need some form of landing page
        * Daniel to second that too, DepEnv wants to publish organisational hierarchy as linked data, but not publish publicly
    * we propose properly modelling then and likely adding a new vocab status, "unstable" that is a sub-status of "accepted" but is likely to invalidate itself for some reason, e.g. IRI resolution failing
        * if general agreement, Nick will add to the [Reg Status](https://linked.data.gov.au/def/reg-status) vocabulary that we use for IRI status

### 5. Discussion about MoU and WG formality
    * prompted by legal advice from the ANU regarding its inability to sign the MoU
    * ANU cannot sign the MoU, because there are clauses about members joining/leaving the group (ANU legal can contribute to this) and formalise the MoU, i.e., get a departmental champion
    * Also get the charter reviewed
    * John: Money to be allocated in next week's budget to data implementations, and the ONDC to be the potential authority for that
    * Nick: What is the group supposed to do? John: Start the conversation with ONDC; Irina to suggest that we have a conversation with Martin Brady as well. 

### 6. Website refresh progress
Nothing to report

### 7. Other business
    * ABS request for IRI (https://catalogue.linked.data.gov.au/resource/201) by Sally: New edition of the ASGS. Will include URI's as part of our output files.
    * Nick proposes a hyphen in asgsed3, i.e., asgs-ed3
    * Armin: Can also use slash URI style for the different versions of the ASGS dataset
    * Simon: There are different patterns of identifiers in ASGS, i.e., the translation of a version policy to a URI pattern is tricky, and there need to be different production rules to match different business rules
    * Len advertised a workshop on Monday

### 8. Action Items

### Action Items
#### New actions
* **Chairs** to organise a meeting to discuss the engagement with ONDS.

#### Previous actions still pending
* **All members** please give thought to suggestions for changes, additions, and etc. for the website
* **Nick** to demo a catalogue tool he has promised for months
* **Nataliya**: contact the groups working on road interoperability in Australia to describe our work and Group
