# Plenary July, 2020-07-02

## Attendees
Brigette Metzler
Nicholas Car  
Armin Haller    
Rowan Brownlee  
Simon Cox  
Stephen Pratt   
Amanda Norton  
Sandra Silcot  
Len Smith  
Margie Smith  
Nataliya Katsman  
Will Francis  
Edmond Chuc  
David Crosswell  
Lesley Wyborn  


## Agenda
(as per email)

1.	Notice about the AGM and content  
2.	Sub group updates  
  - Recommendations and Solutions  
  - Visibility  
  - Governance  
3.	General Business  
  - Vocabulary Catalogues interoperability experiment  


## Minutes

2.	Sub group updates  
  - Recommendations and Solutions  

  Australian government ontology profile
  Test instances against profiles

  Ongoing discussion with ARDC for minting URIs. ICSM, Government Committee on Mapping and Survey has requested persistent URIs
  - Visibility, not meeting  
  - Governance, no meeting  

3.	General Business  

 - Vocabulary Catalogues interoperability experiment  
   OGC Tesbed. Test and demonstrate interoperable vocabularies. National and International organisations that have vocabs. APIs to access those vocabularies. Several recent installations of VocBench. We want to find out if organisations are interested in participating in this regard. Especially organisations that share/extend vocabularies.

   Update from Will Francis in GA, working on a stratigraphic relations API and a formal ontology for geoscience units, together with international partners, including Geoscience Canada etc.
   GA working with Surround Australia: strenghtening our Vocabulary service  

   Update from Simon Cox: Work with Department of Environment and Science of the Queensland Government. Using DCAT in the environmental sector, and more broadly hopefully in the entirety of the science work in the state government. Mostly vanilla DCAT, but QUDT and PROV and data quality vocabulary.  
  
   Update from Len: Update on Indigenous Geospatial Ontology, overtaking by bridging series from LOCi. Work on a placename directory for Indigenous places. Indigenous equivalent to the ABS statistical units using language/tribal boundaries.  


   Update from Nick: Autogenerate documentations from a profile of an ontology using PyLODE.  
   Update from Nick: Working on a vocabulary hierarchy, using profiles, and their relations. DCAT vocabulary of Profiles.  
   
   After the AGM we should update the website with Linked Data tools.
   If anyone wants to nominate a co-Chair for the AGM. Nick (for formal reasons) and Brigette may not nominate anymore.
   
