# Plenary April 2024

## Agenda

1. Attendees and Apologies
2. Previous minutes
    * see <https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2024-03-07.md> 
3. Welcoming and introduction to new members
4. ToR & MoU status review
5. ARDC PID System update
    * New, large-ish groups of PIDs
    * Organisation PIDs
7. General business
8. Next meeting details
9. Close 

## Minutes 

* Meeting opens 1503
  
#### 1. Attendees and Apologies

Chair: Terhi Nurmikko-Fuller
Scribe: Margie Smith

Apologies: 
Nick Car
John Machin

Attendance:
Ashley Sommer
Davig Habgood
Steven De Costa
Timothy Holborn
Rob Atkinson
Phillp OConnor
Erica Rojas Wood
Lucy Arrowsmith
Junrong Yu
Rowan Brownlee
Kathryn Nolan
Michael Hodgkin

#### 2. Previous minutes

<https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2024-03-07.md> 

#### 3. Welcoming and introduction to new members

* Ashley Sommer - CSIRO / seconded to Environment - BDR project DECCEW
* David Habgood - KurrawongAI / doing some work with the BDR
* Rob Atkinson - SurroundAustralia / research lead on linked data in OGC - area of interest is the linkages between PIDs in vocabs, schemas, etc semantically enabling the open API
* Kathryn Nolan - TERN, based in Canberra / returning to this space but have been away for a couple of years
* Tim Holborn - human centric AI - defining identities etc https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/119/materials/agenda-119-hotrfc-sessa-04 https://www.w3.org/community/humancentricai/
* Erica Rojas Wood

#### 4. ToR & MoU status review
no change

#### 5. ARDC PID System update
ARDC Permanent Identifiers
Control body review - contributing to the process. Lock step training that is not scary :)

Ashley - 29 vocabularies formally from NEII to be republished in the linked.data.gov.au
Nick spoke about this on the ASVIG meeting https://sites.google.com/ardc.edu.au/avsig/meetings
See meeting of 5 March for slides and recording of Nick's talk. 

#### 6. General business

Stephen De Costa
https://github.com/orgs/ckan/projects/3/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=43923543 CKAN implementation of DCATv3
https://github.com/ckan/ckan/issues/7489
Do we need a graph database or can we extend the PostGis?
Weekly meetings if people are interested they could contact Stephen

Rob Atkinson
GeoDCAT working group
[3:20 pm] Rob Atkinson (Unverified) = https://github.com/ogcincubator/geodcat-ogcapi-records/tree/master
[3:20 pm ] Rob Atkinson (Unverified) = https://ogcincubator.github.io/geodcat-ogcapi-records/bblock/ogc.geo.geodcat.geodcat-stac-eo
FYI, I have developed an API friendly schema fo rthe W3C Prov ontology..  https://ogcincubator.github.io/bblock-prov-schema/ 

Tim Holborn
W3C Working Group
RE: Natural Language Ontology works, some related works...
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1_xrTXd-rgKlmTu2DWe5C491EHqRkoaJXuBzem6ZaKUw/edit#slide=id.p
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Fwx3-YYyKgeigaScoMVoTFc3V2p-0jVwOg0IvMr8TZs/edit
FWIW Also: General Tools Sheet, incorporating SemWeb Tools, RWW/Solid, LocalLLM tools, WIP...
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/19IEgvdvwl_EOGhmIFinVQu4OerRojeje8PaZWGvoO4Q/edit#gid=0
Re: lack of 'humanitarian ict' (peace infrastructure supports):
Some WIP slides, https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1-iYNUBNyJKCn-nk52ovpoAWESVUsFnB7BMEYP7i0qMg/edit has context menu.
Here is the speech [https://www.abf.gov.au/newsroom-subsite/Pages/ABF-Commissioner-Michael-Outram-05-04-2024.aspx] I mentioned the last third talks about the Targeting 3.0 system

Timothy Holborn (Unverified)
Has anyone created a natural language ontology?
the more specific question was about natural language ontology
FWIW: https://press.un.org/en/2018/sc13493.doc.htm 
FWIW: noting, there's a need to define a 'digital prison system' (broader implications than just an alternative to facebook prison);
https://docs.google.com/document/d/10exQ8MIJnSWo2YSPJp8gUTpAz1ClcL16RgmrsOiI7uQ/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.k16vb4o6c6er
has context menu.

Hodgkin, Michael (Unverified)
Steven, Not sure if it'll plug into your model but I was looking through John Machin's AGOR data and found a strong smell of potential corruption around the future fund's head office locations.  
The australian government probably shouldn't be creating official government systems that are headquartered in the Cayman Islands to avoid our own taxation system.  
but thats none of my business
Perhaps the ANU's LLM document parsing work presented a meeting or two ago would relate.  I'm not sure how much they tied it into the identity space.  

Stephen De Costa
3D mapping on government data: https://corruptionrisk.org/country/?country=AUS#transparency are looking for feedback or better resources.

##### Linked Data-related conferences in 2024:
Interest in group for findging out what other people are working on so creating this resource is useful

#### 7. Next meeting details

Next meeting will occur on 2024-05-02.

#### 8. Monthly Plenary closes 
