# Plenary May 2024

## Agenda

1. Attendees and Apologies
2. Previous minutes
   * see <https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2024-04-11.md> 
3. Welcoming and introduction to new members
4. ToR & MoU status review
   * no update this month
6. ARDC PID System update
   * no technical update this month
   * Looking to conduct the next control group training session very soon.
7. General business
  * Meeting timeslot
7. Next meeting details
8. Close 

## Minutes 

* Meeting opens 1503
  
#### 1. Attendees and Apologies
* Chair: John Machin
* Scribe: John Machin

Apologies: 
* Nick Car
* Terhi Nurmikko-Fuller
* Mieke Strong
* Matthias Liffers
* Sandra Silcot

Attendance:
* John Machin
* Len Smith 
* Kathryn Nolan
* Rojas Wood, Erica
* Margie Smith
* Hodgkin, Michael
* Richard Walker
* Junrong Yu
* Henry, Michael
* Andrew Fitzgerald
* David McMeekin
* David Habgood (Kurrawong AI)
* Matt Duckham 
* O'Connor, Phill
* Rigby, Michael
* Dupen, Pete

#### 2. Previous minutes

<https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2024-04-11.md> 

#### 3. Welcoming and introduction to new members
* No new members.

#### 4. ToR & MoU status review
* No update.

#### 5. ARDC PID System update
* No technical update.
* Provisional date for Control Group induction 07 May.

#### 6. General business
* General discussion on Rules As Code
	* Is it LD? John Machin thinks not, but it does have synergy with LD (such as LD representations of authority sources/legislation/regulations)
	* Michael Hodgkins observes that RAC has the potential to be a significant enabler of government-as-a-platform - and so is likely relevant to the group's interests for that reason.
		* ACTION: John Machin offers to investigate a presentation to the group from RAC project people.
* Impromptu update on ONDC
	* Phill O'Connor advises he is no longer at ONDC, but provides a name to follow up with.
	* Margie Smith advises that things are continuing and that Geoscience Australia have been providing things to ONDC - a good practical test for both parties ability to do this.
		* ACTION: Follow up with Kristol Pyke about ONDC progress and changes (especially around PIDs and FAIR?)
* Timothy H's question on verifiable credentials
	* Michael Hodgkins advises that the Australian Government (including? the MyGov area) do participate in the international work on this.

#### 7. Next meeting details
* 06 June 2024

#### 8. Monthly Plenary closes 
* Meeting closes 1535
