# Plenary March, 2021-05-06

## Attendees
Nicholas Car  
Sandra Silcot  
Len Smith  
Laurent Lefort  
Armin Haller  
John Machin
Jakub Kielbasa
Alexander Hanisz  
Madhushi Bandara 
Sally Clement
Jim  
Simon Cox  
Anusuriya Devaraju
Irina Bastrakova
Nathan Keogh  
Rowan Brownlee
Renato Iannella
Alexander Hanysz
Daniel Brough

### Apologies


## Agenda
1. Previous minutes
    * see <https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2021-04-01.md>
2. Welcoming and introduction to new members
3. Ontology-based standards & documentation in the OGC
    * Nicholas Car presenting on current Open Geospatial Consortium work
    * a description of GeoSPARQL and potential future OGC ontology-based standards
    * see <https://opengeospatial.github.io/ogc-geosparql/>
4. ARDC project progress
5. Discussion about MoU and WG formality
    * prompted by legal advice from the ANU regarding its inability to sign the MoU
6. Website refresh progress
    * new pages for LD Registers
7. Other business
8. Action Items

## Minutes

### 1. Previous minutes
See <https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2021-04-01.md>


### 2. Welcoming and introduction to new members
* Sally Clement
* Jakub Kielbasa

### 3. Ontology-based standards & documentation in the OGC


### 4. ARDC project progress

* Richard's report, presented by Nick
    * infracode Registry installation close to complete
    * notification capability about to be added
    * the project has recognised the need to repetatively run IRI validation, not just when a new IRI is created, to check for degrading IRIs
        * a future version of the [new IRI validator](https://github.com/AGLDWG/iri-mapping-validator) will be used in operations

* Nick:
    * we have two IRI lifecycles that are not yet described in the Guidelines:
        * submitted > accepted > stable > unstable > deprecated
        * submitted > accepted > invalid (3 months)
        * Laurent made a comment about IRI's that are only used internally. This could be solved by redirecting to a page that explains the private dataset.
        * Laurent also raised concerns about https IRI's.
        * Armin to raise to concern that 3 months could be a bit short
        * Armin to raise concern that we should not restrict the IRI's to public IRI's only
        * Nick to propose that in case of private IRI's we still need some form of landing page
        * 
    * we propose properly modelling then and likely adding a new vocab status, "unstable" that is a sub-status of "accepted" but is likely to invalidate itself for some reason, e.g. IRI resolution failing
        * if general agreement, Nick will add to the [Reg Status](https://linked.data.gov.au/def/reg-status) vocabulary that we use for IRI status


### 7. Website refresh progress
Nothing to report

### 8. Other business

### 9. Action Items

### Action Items
#### New actions


#### Previous actions still pending
* **All members** please give thought to suggestions for changes, additions, and etc. for the website
* **Nick** to demo a catalogue tool he has promised for months
* **Nataliya**: contact the groups working on road interoperability in Australia to describe our work and Group
