# Plenary September, 2020-09-03

## Attendees
Brigette Metzler (chair)    
Simon Cox  
Will Francis  
Kerina Heath   
John Tasker  
Margie Smith  
Tanya Wordsworth  
Len Smith  
Sandra Silcot  

### Apologies
John Machin  
Nicholas Car  

## Agenda

1. Confirm Minutes of Previous meeting https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2020-08-06.md
 
2. New members
    * we have a few new members that could introduce themselves
 
3. Sub-working group updates
    * limited meetings of the sub working groups this month.
    * Vis: working on list of entity representatives to contact.
    * Gov: considering governance model and ‘patronage’ opportunities.
    * Rec/Sol: no meeting this month.
 
4. Participation in Standards development Committee: IT-027 Data Management and Interchange
    * an invitation for participation in IT-027 standards development committee has been extended to the AGLDWG.
    * is there a contribution that the AGLDWG can make to this committee?
    * do members make use of the outputs of this committee regularly?
    * is this a decision that should wait for the AGM?
 
5. AGM preparation
    * the AGM is intended for October: does this remain convenient for those who intend to attend?
    * the annual AGLDWG showcase is still being prepared: members please consider submitting a slide (etc.) about their relevant projects (3-sentences + picture + any hyperlinks to sites).
    * the showcase will be updated on the AGLWDG website and will be used to support a discussion about the activity happening in the group since last year.
 
6. Other business
    * any other relevant matters


## Minutes

1. Minutes reviewed and accepted
2. New Members
    * Kerina Heath, Senior Market Analyst at Ergon Energy Retail, Public Energy utility in Queensland, interested in data, and regulatory regulations around data.
    * John Tasker, Senior Spatial Information Officer at Department of Natural Resources, Mines and Energy (Queensland), Working with Queensland library on Imagery data back to the 1930, Aim to make this data more accessible

2. Subgroup updates
    * Governance: Met and discussed changes to the ToR. Potentially a new Governance model with a Hub-Spoke approach. Hub aspect would be a senior leadership group within some participating agencies that supports the group and the members of that agency would report to in regards to AGLDWG matters. There seems to be also further support from within the government for this group which we can leverage.
    * Other Groups have not met.
    
3. Participation in Standards development Committee: IT-027 Data Management and Interchange
    * Approached by Standard Australia. IT 07 standards. Tanya: Reformation of a committee that did exist before. Dr Ian Opperman, Chair of the committee, wanted to set up a sub-group for data usage. First standard the group was looking into was ISO 11107 standard. There is an interest in this standards group on ontologies and schemas. Margie: Also interest in SQL and databases, i.e. it is a quite technical working group. 

    * Margie: Propose that we don't necessarily need to join, but we can are providing comments on submissions that are coming out of the group in the Linked Data/Ontology space.

### Action item: Brigette to reply to the email, propose that we don’t join the group, but pass information on to our members and provide feedback.
### Action item: Armin to send an email to Ian Opperman who is leading the group to figure out what the group intends to do in the ontology space.

5. AGM preparation
    * Visibility group met a couple of months ago and decided to postpone the meeting until 1st of October. Voting members encouraged to attend the AGM (i.e. one participang per member organisation). Visibility subgroup has published a list of people that you should talk to and invite to make presentations at AGM. If you present, please send us slides by the 24th of September. Simon (CSIRO) to present LOCI. Will  (GA) to present on some small activities (among others work on stratographic units), and the ontology hackathon. Armin (ANU) and John (DepFin) to present AGRIF. We are aware that the Queensland government has done a lot (Nick to report), and also the Tasmanian Government.
    * If interested nominate for position of co-chair. Brigette to step down unless we don’t find anyone to replace her.
### Action Item: Brigitte to send out email to members to solicit presentations.

6. Other business
    * Len Smith: Report on Indigenous Linked Data Work. Two or three weeks away from publication.

    

