# Plenary March, 2021-03-04

## Attendees
Nicholas Car (chair)  
Edmond Chuk  
Len Smith  
Sandra Silcott  
Stephen Pratt  
Richard Walker  
Nataliya Katsman  
Ghulam  
Nathan Keogh  
Michael Henry  
John Machin  
Irina Bastrakova  
Dan Brough  
Simon Cox  
Deavio Purnomo  
Renato Ianello 
Jim Dentrinos 
Anu

### Apologies
Armin Haller
Madhushi


## Agenda
1. Previous minutes
    * see <https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2021-02-04.md>
2. Call-in details and platform to use
3. Welcoming and introduction to new members
4. Guidelines 2.1
    * see <https://github.com/AGLDWG/guidelines/blob/master/PID-URI-Guidelines-v2.1.md>
    * voting on these this month
5. ARDC progress & IRI Registry
    * see <https://github.com/AGLDWG/iri-registry-ont>
    * the ontology has been reviewed and will be published this month with an AGLDWG IRI
6. Website refresh progress
7. Other business
8. Action Item

## Minutes

### 1. Previous minutes
* <https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2021-02-04.md>

### 2. Call-in details and platform to use
Using GovTeams. Seems to be ok. A full govt worker needs to sign in to allow guests in.

**NOTE**: If you can read these notes but couldn't join the Teams video call, please let the WG know as we are not absolutely fixed in our tool choice.

### 3. Welcoming and introduction to new members
Jim Dentrinos
Ghulam  
Nathan Keogh  
Dan Brough  

### 4. Guidelines 2.1
Nick: proposed that we adopt Guidelines 2.1  
John: seconded  

Approved by consensus.


### 5. ARDC progress & IRI Registry
Spoken update from Nick.


### 6. Website refresh
Spoken update from Nick.


### 7. Other business

#### DCN
John: co-chairs will be giving a presentation to the Data Champions Network in a fortnight. The DCN is a high-lefel (SES) network in Federal govt with a mixed understanding of LD.

#### W3ID
Nick: I have joined the w3id.org consortium to help provide more options of persistent ID systems

#### Observed Properies question
Dan: are others using OP?

#### Indigenous Gazeteer
Len: Indigenous Gazeteer WG will be revitalised

#### TERN update
Edmond: TERN is prodiucing yet more CorVeg related vocabularies. Wants to meet with Dan B. to align

#### NZ
John: NZ govt is thinking about a semantic representation of elements of government

#### Conferences
Nick: upcoming relevant conferences. I have papers in for the first 2:

* [Provenance Week](http://provenanceweek.org/) - July 19-22 2021, Charlotte USA (and online)
* [GeoLOD](https://dice-group.github.io/GeoLD2021/) - 4th International Workshop on Geospatial Linked Data at ESWC 2021, 6-10 June, Greece (and online)
* [International Wemantic Web Conference](https://iswc2021.semanticweb.org/) - 24 - 28 October 2021, online


### Action Items
#### New actions

#### Previous actions still pending
* **All members** please give thought to suggestions for changes, additions, and etc. for the website. 
* **Armin** and **Sharon** to arrange a presentation on Solid Project (https://solidproject.org/) in the near future.
* **Nick** to demo a catalogue tool he has promised for months
* **Nataliya**: contact the groups working on road interoperability in Australia to describe our work and Group
