# Plenary June

Planned 2023-06-01

## Agenda

1. Attendees and Apologies
2. Previous minutes
    * these minutes are from the 2023 May Plenary
    * see <https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2023-05-04.md>
3. Welcoming and introduction to new members
4. Follow-up on previous meeting's Action Items
5. ToR & MoU status review
6. ARDC PID System update
7. Data Cataloguing & LD
8. General business
9. Next meeting details
10. Close 
## Minutes
#### 1. Attendees and Apologies

Chair:  John M.
Scribe:  John M.

Attendees: Daniel Brough; Hazelwood, Liz; Henry, Michael; Hodgkin, Michael; Jo Croucher; John Machin; Joseph Bell; Junrong Yu; Katsman, Nataliya; Len; Margie Smith; Marisa Harris; Matt Duckham; Megan Wong; Melanie Barlow (ARDC) (Guest); Mieke Strong; Nicholas Car; O'Connor, Phill; Pip Bricher; Pratt, Stephen; Rigby, Michael; Rui Liu; Sandra Silcot; Terhi Nurmikko-Fuller; Trisha Moriarty.

Apologies: 

#### 2. Previous minutes
Accepted by Mieke with a slight adjustment by Len

#### 3. Welcoming and introduction to new members
* Marisa Harris (NAA) Government Information standards and policies
* Jo Croucher (NCI Canberra) NCI data catalogue

#### 4. Follow-up on previous meeting's Action Items

#### 5. ToR & MoU status review
* Very short update about some progress from Nick, waiting for the principals to report back.

#### 6. ARDC PID System update
* Effectively ready to hand over to Richard (ARDC).

#### 7. Data Cataloguing & LD
* Nick Car (Kurrawong)
   * Graph based catalogues permit much easier extension.
   * Catalogue tools can present a view of the catalogue that looks similar to existing presentations, but if based on a KG it can also present different views to meet specialised uses and specialised customers.
   * Cataloguing using a KG can use the things catalogued in the KG as ways of classifying other things in connected catalogues.
   * John is interested to see how people use other people's data sources for classification (especially things like http://structure.gov.au/ ...)
   * John is also excited about the ability to make more user-customised views to meet different audience segment needs and wonders who might have those kinds of different audiences.
   * Nataliya asks about the tools needed to do this? Nick discusses the relatively simple changes to fairly standard LD kit, the content negotiation by profile API is the critical element though <Nick to add here!>
   * Len asks what would be involved for an organisation to use this approach? Nick gives an example of an organisation in WA with a significant geological KG and is able to supply the data services that allow any given participating organisations FE     

#### 8. General business 
* Phill O'Connor (ONDC/Finance)
   * 33 agencies working with Phill and possibly up to a dozen more able to be assisted.
   * https://www.datacommissioner.gov.au/find-data
   * https://www.datacommissioner.gov.au/node/177
   * https://www.datacommissioner.gov.au/use-dataplace
   * phill.oconnor@finance.gov.au
 * Michael Hodgkins (SA) 
   * Work on ontology for services and MyGov, including steps and stages associated with life events (vertical slicing on basis of life events).
   * Providing service listings to other government departments (and state and some local govenrment organisations) that use services provided by Services Australia.
   * Documentation in terms of OWL but also architectural modelling and policy impact mapping.
   * John asks can we access this openly yet? Michael says there is a drive to, but it is not currently available to all existing service partners - the hope is for to be made discoverable through MyGov search (alongside the services).
   * Sandra asks how this work related to DTA Australian Government Architecture (https://www.dta.gov.au/australian-government-architecture)? Definitely related, some of the same personnel involved but at SA focussed on service delivery rather than Whole of Government first.
   * Big driver for schema.org service was COVID and Google becoming the front door effectively.
 * Margie Smith (GA)
   * https://vocabs.ga.gov.au/vocab/
   * Letting people know about this work, but also asking who is using registers of vocabularies (e.g RVA) - a pretty quiet response except some idle hype from John about glossary consolidation.
* Marisa Harris (NAA)
   * What does schema.org do practically for people?
   * Michael H. makes sure that e.g. google pushes content such as presenting it in info boxes and promoting government sites to have priority for certain searches.
   * Pip Bricher (Australian Hydrographic...) simple non-gov example - too multi jurisdictional for one country to pay for, schema.org was a way to do light weight description on a shared pattern.

#### 9. Next meeting details
* Next meeting in July, 2023-07-06

#### 10. Monthly Plenary closes
15:59
