# Plenary November, 2020-11-04

## Attendees
Nicholas Car (Secretary)  
Stephen Pratt  
Sandra Silcot  
Rowan Brownlee  
Anasurya Deveraju  
Alexa Olczyk  
Len Smith  
Armin Haller (Chair)  
Nataliya Katsman  
Edmond Chuc  
Tanya Whitworth  


### Apologies
Sharon Stratsianis


## Agenda
#### 1. Confirm Minutes of Previous meeting https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2020-10-01-AGM.md
#### 2. New members
  * ask for self-introductions
#### 3. Catalogue update
  * progress report on catalogue moving to ARDC 
#### 4. Project reports
  * short reports from members on LD projects
#### 5. Call of yearly agendas
  * what would members like to see accomplished this year?
#### 6. Other business


## Minutes
#### 1. Confirm Minutes of Previous meeting 
* https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2020-10-01-AGM.md
    * APPROVED (no non-approvals)


#### 2. New members
* Alexa Olczyk (ABS) - within the APS data professionals network
* Anu Deveraju (TERN, Brisbane) - formerly CSIRO, PhD in spatial + semantics, working on FAIR TERN datasets


#### 3. Catalogue update
Nick: reported latest updates on his discussions with ARDC. He also discussed the differences between a Register (of PIDs) and a catalogue (of Linked Data assets).


#### 4. Project reports
* **Len**: Federal budget contains money for the Indigenous Data Network so the Indigenous Geospatatial Ontology and catalogue projects could be funded!
* **Nick**: 
    * profile-enabled Linked Data publishing stack in Python: SURROUND are trying to add on top of pyLDAPI to allow for publication by profile (youspecify the profile and supply the data, the API delivers it)
    * OGC API - I have produced OGC API-compliant APIs with Linked Data tooling, e.g. <http://asgs.surroundaustralia.com>
    * OWL-RL - a student is working on this Python tool to assist with RDF reasoning. Due in a few months.
* **Armin**: 
    * AGRIF project is concoluding this calendar year with software dev tasks completing. There may be more open source tooling couning out of the project in future AGLDWG meetings
    * student project, MEMEX: a distributed graph of web page bookmarks. I have a student linking MEMEX text labels to WikiData text entities. Project half done!


#### 5. Call of yearly agendas
* **Armin** - co-chairs discussed:
    * propose we create a catalogue of LD resources
    * improve the website
        * analytics
        * more general info
* **Nick** - suggests:
    * establish a regular communication regime with agencies and groups
        * **Sandra**: ARDC a starting-point for Unis
* **Nataliya** 
    * maybe we can contact other ARDC groups to tell them about out groups
* **Len**
    * maybe we should renew contact with the Data Champions group
    * **Tanya**: how would we engage? We are technical, they are not


#### 6. Other business
**Armin**: discussed some elements of the currently-operating International Semantic Web Conference
  * in particular Linked Data published as (RDF) data files with DOIs for permanence, as opposed to Linked Data via APIs
  **Nick**: LocI's data is available in downloadable files as well as via Linked Data APIs


## Action Items
* **Co-chairs**: sort out the mess with monthly calendar invitations. Perhaps send invitations out to the mailing list every month
* **Co-chairs**: to ask mailing list for activities they would like to see this year
* **Tanya**: contact the Data Champions league to see if an AGLDWG member can present to them
* **Nataliya**: contact the groups working on road interoperability in Australia to describe our work and Group

