## Agenda

1. Attendees and Apologies
2. Previous minutes
    * see <https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2024-02-01.md> 
3. Welcoming and introduction to new members
4. ToR & MoU status review
5. ARDC PID System update
   * Notes on current request load
   * Reminder of workflows
   * Overview of updated automated procedures
   * Request to establish Control Body
6. General business
   * Discussion of LD events for 2024
7. Next meeting details
    * Propose 2023-03-01 for the next meeting.
8. Close 

## Minutes 

* Meeting opens 1503
  
#### 1. Attendees and Apologies

Chair: Terhi N.-F.
Scribe: John M.

Attendees:

![image](https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/assets/8801537/9026a03f-4cec-4f9e-825d-b24c8bf912ed)# Plenary March 2024

* John Machin
* Luke Housego
* Sandra Silcot
* Andrew Fitzgerald
* Paul Duchesne
* Prudence Lawrence
* Richard Walker
* Len Smith
* Terhi Nurmikko-Fuller
* Matthews, Alice
* Tyler, Ryan
* Joseph Bell
* David McMeekin
* Junrong Yu
* Murali Rajendran
* Michael Henry
* Pratt, Stephen
* Nicholas Car
* Lucy Arrowsmith
* Tom Remenyi | Eratos
* Dupen, Pete
* Lan Huynh
* Sergio Rodriguez Mendez
* Margie Smith
* Rigby, Michael
* Mieke Strong

Apologies: 

#### 2. Previous minutes

<https://github.com/AGLDWG/meeting-minutes/blob/master/plenary-2024-02-01.md> 

#### 3. Welcoming and introduction to new members

* Luke Housego - 
* Tom Remenyi - Eratos, for Quinten
* Lucy Arrowsmith - 
* Pete Dupen - DCCEEW
* David McMeekin - Curtin University

#### 4. ToR & MoU status review

* Nick: dependency on the system of PIDs increasing the need to get legal acceptance of MOU; also creating a need for more formal charter.
* John (later): demands for more formalisation need to be understood and the benefits and costs of this evaluated.

#### 5. ARDC PID System update

* Automated systems bedding down well; likely need to recruit more approvers as the demand for PID additions are backing up.

#### 6. General business

* Discussing the PID review process
* Nick C.: SHACL proliferation where other rules patterns have not
* Sharing event information with other groups
   * https://i3mainz.github.io/GeoLD2022/
   * https://www.pidfest.org/
* Discussing "Digital Twin Ready" and "AI Ready"
  * Nick C."How ready are the bodies fo data for this? Is there an awareness of semantic web as an ideal model for use in digital twins/AI projects.
* RDF Tools online
  * Some previously available online tools have gone; need to revise the list of RDF utilities and circulate again soon (Action for: Nick C.?)
  * Sergio R-M: https://github.com/semantalytics/awesome-semantic-web
* Address systems: Europe vs Australia
   * Nick: Australia very different to Europe.
   * Tom: Europe similar because of the disagreements between jurisdictions - a good model for Australia.

##### Linked Data-related conferences in 2024:

#### 7. Next meeting details

Next meeting will occur on 2024-04-04.

#### 8. Monthly Plenary closes 

* Meeting closes 1547
